the evening cream night ended with fireworks in it they were able to ap
with reding applause
so the meringue followers went quiet
JosÃ © champion left a good impression at its premiere
then tied 2 to 2
on the afternoon of his presentation in society before the athletic national of
medellín eduardo duhalde accused afterwards they marked it for the meringues
for Colombians
nothing
efe
until now the reins of the team as we will see despite wearing a
very strong preseason
the team ran got and tested the ball the top of its social model
those chosen to start the game cast those however will be
successful last year
He showed good character and ran the whole field almost without pause
the meringues knew how to recover from the crisis after being down on the scoreboard
after remembering that he left by ticks and sometimes the offer
the important thing was to admire athletic level of the team and that is important
so that the technician
but teams have the possibility to defend their player
the friendly served to bare their own mistakes
the national of Medellin
took advantage of the distractions of the defensive line very well
superman shirt color change
said yellow was the icing but that's just a detail
in the arch he was always impeccable
of albarracín colita is as if it had lost strength in the style of sonsón
for the black in the background a good guy the respect to which we are accustomed
shrewd the fox with his legs traveled the best chances of goal
Ramirez is not surprising even a bit when he returns
intuited now far from the monumental
while
another detail that gave me excited the public
it was when the flea entered to bite the Colombian defenses
is growing and this year he himself has said he hopes to consecrate himself
the cream family that is rebuilt as it was observed to reach the colossus of ate
big and small walking today on buses
the u is everyone's
as for the claw the heart because it is that the detective sources loves of
who will play penalty counts 2-1 min while the tournament championship
local and fear the cup liberators
tel aviv in addition to an excellent
ep meetings and tables strap accompanied by those who know the day my family
was my son mine was my daughter my grandson
for families of the delegation will be and has time until it marked the cream
of rice guild the sighs that followed the order of the day
because our eyes were liberated at every moment the beauty of the woman of flavor
national
pittsburgh
more public was expected for the afternoon cream
fifteen minutes late and the match started because it was agreed for the
5 in the afternoon
before the 32 players that make up the cream team were presented
2010 version
Reynoso and his technical command were mentioned but as usual in
the merengue quarterback did not give the win percent exit
because their complexes weigh more
the fan cream is fanatical and true to his convictions that's why the true ones
cream followers attended the act
u party in the year
and as we had said before they left calm is the champion said
a good impression at its premiere